Digital weavings hang from the wall, burnt onto paper with a thermal printer. The patterns are constructed through algorithmic procedures and emergent systems encountered and interacted with through bodily movements. They are the proposed results of generative weaving drafts or notations. Drafts used as navigational tools, as codified images of a process or maps visualizing the setup and operation of a weaving loom to create suggested structures and patterns. These drafting experiments are studies of the vivid connections between weaving and digital technology situated within a wide ranging project exploring notions of fate, agency, responsibility and necessity. A project contemplating the tensity of living and creating while having little or no control yet participating in and constantly influencing the world's becoming.
 
Next to the prints, an installation lets the interactant co-create patterns together with a computational system, channelled through ever changing weaving drafts and printed in real time. Bodily movements, captured by a camera, can be used to navigate the operations of the digital loom and to influence emergent forces which brings forth lingering trails of pixelated memories, merged into unfolding patterns. The work invites you to **read** as well as **make** patterns, to participate in a process where one is never in full control of the outcome but always interfering and influencing it as part of a collective creative process. 
 
A companion website containing a set of interactive experiments and meditations on weaving drafts is also a part of the work. Here, the mechanisms/algorithms that create the weaving drafts are exposed and can be interacted with, alongside different thoughts and ideas about weaving, cartographies and notations.