Choose Your anceStory™ is a web-based work of interactive fiction, intended as a meditation on how identity regarding ancestry is perceived. 

Inspired by Karen Barad’s agential-realist framework, 1970s TV-play Penda’s Fen, and the artist’s recent brush with commercial DNA testing, Choose Your anceStory™ is a computational narrative thought-experiment. 

The piece invites its audience to consider what role the apparatus of observation used to perceive ancestral identity plays, in an observer’s perception of such matter(s).

In its fictional world, satirical tech company Choose Your anceStory™ offers you the chance to partake in a novel DNA testing process, one which allows you to dial up genes from whichever part of the world you identify with most. Afterwards, you may experience your own interactive ancestral story - your anceStory™. 

The piece is technically underpinned by JavaScript, HTML and CSS scripting languages, and was built in Twine 2 using the Sugarcube format. 

Imagery is generated by calling pictures, created using 3D-printed models, from a server into the program before a modified p5.js script maps abstract and interactive visuals onto them. 

The second play-through’s vocal soundscape is performed using quotes from participants who recently took a commercial DNA test, surveyed as part of the artist’s research. Each quote’s audio is looped using a macro that is triggered whenever an audience-member visits a particular story passage. 

The visual and audio aesthetic is designed to encourage the audience to project their imagination onto the narrative matter and in doing so hopefully consider the performative nature of ancestral identity.

In our present cultural milieu, awash with firmly-held binary conceptualisations of identity, particularly regarding ancestry, the artist hopes this piece encourages its audience to observe carefully how the differences that appear to divide and define groups of people are configured.