Wrapped in an algorithmic flow of video technology two dancers intend to make sense of what they are going through and what they are seeing in their self reflected distorsion. In this video-art performance, Romain revisits the use of the slit-scan photography technique and other video effects in real-time to reflect upon the contraction-dilation of time-matter that is the moving image and our consumption of it.

Relying upon a custom made software written in c++ the artist is able to live-stream two hd video sources. One is taken from a phone in the hand of the dancers, the other from a small camera placed at the ceiling of the performance space.Those two sources are simultaneously distorted and filtered through computer vision and various graphic algorithms called shaders. The results of which are projected on the surrounding screens, overwhelming the dancers.

The technological assemblage of the video device does not show us the time of the event but puts us in the event. With video it is not about supplementing time but constructing it and doing so collectively, in an assemblage, in a flow. Live technologies impose a concept of subjectivity that constitutes a virtual critique of the concept of the spectator, formulated by Joseph Beuys in this way: *I am a transmitter and I radiate*. It is even more relevant today as our phone morphed into a mainstream video recording apparatus. In this performance - the latest in the long term collaboration with a group of dancers from Trinity Laban - the video devices are seen and used as an ambivalent surveillance and interpassive capitalist good that both enable and prevent the artist and the dancers to be in the now.

Dancers: Rebecca Piersanti, Sophia Paige