It is an audio-visual installation and it aims to co-create the rhythm of wave by humans and multispecies such as goose and ducks living in the lake. Particularly, the light of wave penetrates through the multi-layered fabric as both spatial and sensory medium. The audience joins to regenerate and interact on an audio-visual wave with their movements through an immersive experience. It dances together in a similar way that multispecies live through water in lake and water waves do.

The inspiration journey came from a regular field recording the multispecies in the lake such as Brokewell park, burgess park, and Hampstead Heath in London. Its story is regenerated as computational art with the audiovisual communication in waves of resonating light to highlight how the audience could see & hear their lives and recreate balanced rhythm together. In the making process, I began creating and also fabricating the installation in the whole step as work in progress. Beginning from the prototype of diverse materials of fabric sample, exploring with light with kinect, painting(primer > undercoat>topcoat), attaching each woods, stapling the fabric with wood, and finally fabricating woods with multi-layered structure.

It Embodies a computer vision-based interaction both invisible and hearable experience. It uses sensing technology as Kinect to detect audience movements. The projected wave reacts to the audience’s movements and position in space and generates audio-visual waves through their bodily interaction.